Internal update (#414)
timescale/docs: cloud/cloud-multi-node.md

# Setting up TimescaleDB 2.0 multi-node on Timescale Cloud
TimescaleDB 2.0 [introduces a number of new features][changes-in-tsdb2] to
supercharge time-series data even further. One of the most anticipated new
features is what we call **multi-node** - the ability to create a cluster of
TimescaleDB instances to scale both reads and writes.

> In this How To, we’ll show you how to create a multi-node cluster in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this How To, we'll show you how to create a multi-node cluster in your
```
